DOCS-1370: add robot location api keys (#2177)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/CLI.md

To switch to using an organization API key for authentication right away, [logout](#logout) then log back in using `viam login api-key`.

An organization can have multiple API keys.

### Create a location API key

To use an location API key to authenticate your CLI session, you must first create one:

1. First, [authenticate](#authenticate) your CLI session.
   If you don't already have a location API key created, authenticate using a personal access token or an organization API key.

1. Then, run the following command to create a new location API key:

   ```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
   viam locations api-key create --location-id <location-id>
    --org-id <org-id> --name <key-name>
   ```

   Where:

   - `location-id` is your location ID.
     You can find your location ID by running `viam locations list` or by visiting your [robot fleet's page](https://app.viam.com/robots) in the Viam app.
   - `org-id` is an optional organization ID to attach the key to.
     You can find your organization ID by running `viam organizations list` or by visiting your organization's **Settings** page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).

>      If omitted, the key will attempt to attach itself to the organization of the location if there is only one organization associated with that location.
>      If there are multiple organizations associated with that location, the operation will fail and you will need to specify the `org-id` explicitly.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit easier to parse
```suggestion
     If only one organization owns the location you can omit the parameter. 
     If multiple organizations own the location, you must specify the `org-id` explicitly.
```

An organization can have multiple API keys.

### Create a location API key

To use an location API key to authenticate your CLI session, you must first create one:

1. First, [authenticate](#authenticate) your CLI session.
   If you don't already have a location API key created, authenticate using a personal access token or an organization API key.

1. Then, run the following command to create a new location API key:

   ```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
   viam locations api-key create --location-id <location-id>
    --org-id <org-id> --name <key-name>
   ```

   Where:

   - `location-id` is your location ID.
     You can find your location ID by running `viam locations list` or by visiting your [robot fleet's page](https://app.viam.com/robots) in the Viam app.
   - `org-id` is an optional organization ID to attach the key to.
     You can find your organization ID by running `viam organizations list` or by visiting your organization's **Settings** page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).

>      If omitted, the key will attempt to attach itself to the organization of the location if there is only one organization associated with that location.

Reviewer: when you send this for SME review, please ask what `attempt` means here. Shouldn't it just be that it does do that?

Author: Per offline conversation with @RoxyFarhad I added "If there are multiple organizations associated with that location, the operation will fail and you will need to specify the `org-id` explicitly."

   - `key-name` is an optional name for your API key.
     If omitted, a name will be auto-generated based on your login info and the current time.

The command will return a `key id` and a `key value`.

> You will need both to authenticate using `viam login api-key`.

Reviewer: You can also use this to authenticate to SDKs 
```suggestion
You will need both to authenticate.
```

{{% alert title="Important" color="note" %}}

> Secure these key values safely.

Reviewer: Secure and safe duplicate this a bit
```suggestion
Keep these key values safe.
```

Authenticating using a location API key gives the authenticated CLI session full read and write access to all robots in that location.
{{% /alert %}}

> Once created, you can then use the location API key to authenticate future CLI sessions.

Reviewer: This will merge today, and then the link will work once you rebase
```suggestion
Once created, you can use the location API key to authenticate future CLI sessions or to [connect to robots with the SDK](/program/#authenticate).
```

|        command option     |       description      | positional arguments
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `list`      | list all locations (name and id) that the authenticated session has access to, grouped by organization  | **organization id** : return results for specified organization only |
| `api-key`   |  work with an api-key for your location | `create` |
| `--help`      | return help      | - |

##### Positional arguments: `api-key`

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> |        argument     |       description
> | ----------- | ----------- | -----------
> | `create`     | create an API key for a specific location
> | `--help`      | return help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| argument | description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `create`     | create an API key for a specific location |
| `--help`      | return help |
```

##### Named arguments

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> |        argument     |       description | applicable commands | required
> | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
> | `--location-id`      | the location to create an API key for    |`create` |true |
> | `--name`     |  the name of the API key    |`create` |false |
> | `--org-id`      |  the organization ID to attach the key to  |`create` |false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| argument | description | applicable commands | required |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| `--location-id` | the location to create an API key for |`create` | true |
| `--name` |  the name of the API key |`create` | false |
| `--org-id` |  the organization ID to attach the key to  |`create` | false |
```

See [create an organization API key](#create-an-organization-api-key) for more information.

> #### Command options s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Command options
```
